we should just be straightforward in
what's happening here and that's that
Hamas and the people that support Hamas
are fully responsible for appalling
appalling acts of terrorism we should
call it out for what it is citizens of
Israel are being murdered innocent
people have been kidnapped including
children obviously that's shocking and
it's horrifying and they should be held
accountable for that and what I've said
to the Israeli Prime Minister is that we
will provide all the support that they
need to make sure that Israel can defend
itself against these kinds of attacks
now we already have a very long-standing
relationship with Israel we're one of
their strongest allies we've provided in
the past the T kinds of equipment that
they've used to defend themselves uh
over the past couple of days and as I
said to the Prime Minister we will
continue to provide whether that's
diplomatic intelligence or security
support as they need